♪♪♪♪
[ Synchronized Yelling ]
[ Continue Yelling ]
[ Crowd Applauding ]
WATCH WHERE YOU'RE GOING.
WE'RE ALMOST THERE.
SEE ?
MOM. WHERE'S PAPA ?
I'M SURE HE'LL BE HERE SOON.
TAKE IT EASY.
[ Announcer ]  WELCOME
TO THE 18th YOUTH MARTIAL ARTS
TOURNAMENT OF CHAMPIONS.
COMPETING TODAY WILL BE--
I'VE ONLY GOT
ONE MORE STOP.
ALL RIGHT.
IT'S ALL YOURS.
[ Bicycle Bell Ringing ]
[ Line Ringing ]
HEY. IT'S ME.  I'VE BEEN
WAITING HALF AN HOUR.
I'M OUT OF HERE. NOW.
[ Man Over Phone ]
FORGET IT.  JUST KEEP WAITING.
IT'S PART OF THE JOB.
OH. COME ON.  I'M SUPPOSED
TO BE WATCHING MY SON.
[ Man Over Phone ]
WATCH HIM ANOTHER TIME.
AH.  WELL. YOU KNOW WHAT ?
THESE GUYS GET
FIVE MORE MINUTES.
NOW JUST A DAMN MINUTE. KUNG.
YOU WAIT UNTIL THEY SHOW UP
OR YOU'LL BE BACK IN UNIFORM...
ON THE STREET.
GIVE IT A REST.
THEY'RE HERE.
OKAY. I WANT THE GOODS.
BUT I WANT XIANG TOO.
TRY NOT TO SCREW IT UP.
NICE OF YOU TO SHOW UP.
DON'T ANY OF YOU BIG-TIME
CRIMINALS OWN A WATCH ?
WATCH YOUR MOUTH.
IT TAKES TIME
TO PRODUCE WORK THIS GOOD.
FIFTEEN PASSPORTS.
TAKE A LOOK.
ALL WESTERN.
LET'S SEE THE MONEY.
THEY'RE VERY WELL MADE.
ALL RIGHT.
SIX APIECE.
A LITTLE MORE.
SEVEN.
- [ Thugs Gasp ]
- YOU'LL NEVER GET
TO SPEND THIS MONEY.
NOW YOU'RE DEAD.
[ Grunting ]
[ Thugs Yelling. Grunting ]
HERE. JOHNNY.
HAVE SOME WATER.
NO.
MAMA. WHERE'S PAPA ?
[ Yelling. Groans ]
[ Announcer ]
EIGHT. SIX. NINE--
[ Yelling ]
YOU'RE COMING WITH ME.
[ Groaning ]
[ Continues Groaning ]
KEEP QUIET !
[ Tournament Announcer ]
OUR FIRST SEMIFINALIST.
JOHN KUNG.
[ Announcer ]
AND NOW OUR FINALISTS.
TIMOTHY HO
WILL TAKE ON JOHNNY KUNG
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Yells ]
[ Both Yelling ]
[ Weapons Clashing.
Yelling Continues ]
[ Continue Yelling ]
[ Man In Bag Muttering ]
IF I EVER GET OUT--
[ Groaning ]
[ Yelling ]
[ Footsteps Running ]
[ Both Yelling ]
[ Weapons Clashing.
Yelling Continues ]
[ Yells ]
[ Announcer ]
EIGHT. NINE. EIGHT. NINE.
[ Applauding Continues ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Woman Yelling ]
STAY WHERE YOU ARE !
[ Crowd Clamoring ]
MOM. WAIT HERE.
JOHNNY !
- JOHNNY !
-[ Ax Man Grunting ]
[ Yells ]
LET ME GO !
[ Groaning ]
HEY.
COME ON !
TO THE RIGHT !
GET OFF OF ME. DAMN IT !
[ Groans ]
[ Officers Chattering ]
YOU CAN GO NOW.
GET HIM.
GET HIM !
MOVE BACK.
COME ON.  HUH ?
WHO ?  COME ON.
JOHNNY.
WHAT HAPPENED ?
WHERE'S PAPA ?
[ Man ]
HEY. THIS KID'S A HERO.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Laughing ]
[ Continues Cheering ]
[ Both Gargling ]
[ Gargling ]
[ Women Chatting ]
GOOD MORNING.
[ Bicyclist ]
HEY. THERE.
HI. JOHNNY.
[ Women Continue Chatting ]
TRY TO BEAT
YOUR DAD. JOHNNY.
SEE YOU AT SCHOOL.
BYE.
COME ON. NOW.
THAT'S ENOUGH SEA DRAGON.
[ Gasps ]
BOY. I DID IT GOOD TODAY.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU HAVE TO PRACTICE
BREATHING EVERY MORNING.
IT'S GOOD FOR JOHNNY
TO DO THIS.  YOU NEVER KNOW
WHEN HE MIGHT NEED IT.
IT SEEMS SILLY.
IT'S NOT.
IT'S A GOOD EXERCISE
JUST IN CASE YOUR BOAT
GETS SUNK.
YOU CAN'T BREATHE UNDERWATER.
BUT IF YOU KNOW HOW TO HOLD
YOUR BREATH. YOU'LL BE READY.
ARE YOU READY ?
THE SCHOOL BUS IS HERE.
COME ON.
I'LL WALK YOU TO THE BUS.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO.
YOU KNOW WHAT ?
I FORGOT I HAVE A MEETING
THIS MORNING.
BUT. POP.
I'M GONNA GET MY AWARD
TODAY FROM THE MAYOR.
I'LL BE THERE.
OKAY ?
OKAY.
6:00.
[ Johnny's Voice ]
POP. SEE YOU AT CITY HALL.
HAVE FUN TODAY.
HEY !
SORRY I'M LATE. JOHNNY.
LET'S SEE.
[ Mother ]
JOHNNY REALLY WANTED YOU
TO BE IN THE PICTURE.
HE KEPT ON ASKING.
HE SAID HE WANTED
ALL OF US TO BE THERE.
YOU STILL ANGRY ?
[ Coughing ]
IS THIS MAKING YOU COUGH ?
I'M GONNA QUIT.
HEY. SHAKE.
LET'S SHAKE ON IT.
HONEST TO GOD ?
HONEST.
GOOD.  WANT SOME
CHOCOLATE ?  HERE.
[ Chuckling ]
[ Kung ]  BETTER THAN
CIGARETTES ANY DAY.
[ Bus Brakes Squeaking ]
JOHNNY. SHOW YOUR PASS.
HEY. THAT LINE'S TOO SLOW.
LET'S GET IN THIS ONE.
- [ Bus Accelerates ]
- HEY. I GOT SOMETHING FOR YOU.
HERE.
SEE ?
MOM. DAD GAVE ME A WATCH.
LOOK AT IT.
ISN'T IT COOL. MOM ?
LET ME HAVE A LOOK AT IT.
LOOK !  ISN'T IT GREAT !
IT'S SO NICE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
IS IT REALLY MINE ?
[ Laughs.
Coughing ]
HEY. CAN YOU BREATHE
ALL RIGHT ?
I'M FINE.
ARE YOU SURE ?
I SAID I'M FINE.
YOU DON'T LOOK FINE.
YOU NEED YOUR MEDICINE ?
NO. I'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
[ Clears Throat ]
SEE ?  I'M FEELING
BETTER ALREADY.
SURE.  I BET IF YOU
SAT DOWN FOR A WHILE.
YOU'D FEEL A LOT BETTER.
ALL RIGHT.
I GET IT.
THANKS.
HERE. MOM.
SIT DOWN.
THANK YOU.
HEY. MOM. YOU WANT
TO SEE MY ANTS ?
WOW. JOHNNY.
WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE ?
I GOT THEM
ON THE PLAYGROUND.
RIGHT AFTER MATH.
YOU KNOW. JOHNNY.
I READ THAT A SOUP
MADE FROM ANTS...
CAN BE USED TO TREAT
SOME BREATHING PROBLEMS.
DID YOU KNOW THAT ?
UH-HUH.
I LEARNED IT AT SCHOOL.
HEY. CAN I SHOW FREDDY
MY AWARD ?
JOHNNY. WATCH OUT !
IT'S THOSE MEN
OVER THERE--
FREDDY. WILL YOU STOP IT ?
MOM. LET ME GO !
GET BACK IN THE HOUSE.
HOW MANY TIMES--
[ Mother ]
WHAT WAS THAT ALL ABOUT ?
[ Johnny ]  I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST FREDDY.
[ Man ]
THERE HE IS.
GET HIM.
- WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING ?
- UP AGAINST THE WALL !
[ Mother ]  WEI !  WEI !
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ?
PAPA !
LET HIM GO !
[ Mother ]
WEI !  WEI !
[ Johnny ]
THEY'RE TAKING AWAY MY DAD !
BACK AWAY. PEOPLE.
[ Johnny ]
WHAT'S HAPPENING ?
[ Soldier ]
MOVE AWAY.
LET US MOVE HERE.
[ Siren Blaring ]
[ Neighbors Chattering ]
LET'S GO INSIDE.
THAT'S ENOUGH NOW.
BE QUIET.
COME WITH ME.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
COME ON.
WE'RE GOING INSIDE.
[ Chatting ]
WE GOT YOU THIS TIME.
YOU'RE GOING AWAY. GI DOG.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT ?
I WAS JUST
HANGING OUT WITH HER.
IT'S HER DOPE.
CUT THE CRAP.
YOU WERE HOLDING IT.
SO IT'S YOURS.
I WANT TO TALK
TO A LAWYER.
I BET YOU DO.
[ Punching.
Groaning ]
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING ?
HEY. WHERE'S MY PHONE ?
I WANT TO TALK TO MY LAWYER.
GET IN THERE.
YOU DIRTBAG.
[ Groans ]
[ Cries Out ]
[ Softly ]
WHO'S THAT ?
HUH ?
OVER THERE.
IN THAT CELL.
OH. THAT'S GI DOG.
HE WORKS FOR BO XIANG.
THE MOB BOSS.
HE'S PART OF YOUR NEXT
UNDERCOVER ASSIGNMENT.
THAT'S WHY WE BROUGHT YOU IN.
YOU CAN'T.  WHAT ABOUT
MY WIFE'S HEALTH. HUH ?
WHAT HAPPENS
IF I REFUSE ?
PUT THOSE IDEAS
OUT OF YOUR HEAD.
IT'S JUST FOR A FEW WEEKS.
THEY'RE SENDING YOU BECAUSE YOU
SEEM TO HAVE SUCH A GOOD RAPPORT
WITH THOSE CRIMINAL TYPES.
GET CLOSE TO GI DOG.
WE'LL SET UP YOUR ESCAPE
FOR TONIGHT.
[ Yelling ]
[ Gasping ]
HELP ME !
[ Guard ]
WHAT'S GOING ON ?
I'M COMING IN !
[ Continues Gasping ]
HELP ME !
HEY. YOU !
[ Gasps ]
HEY. HEY. HEY !  W-WAIT !
[ Alarm Ringing ]
I GOT
A BAD LEG.
COME ON. MOVE IT !
[ Dogs Barking ]
[ Gasping ]
GUARD DOGS !
- [ Dogs Barking ]
- [ Wei ]  COME ON !  FASTER !
- THEY'RE CATCHING UP !
- [ Guard ]  THERE HE IS !
GET THEM !
GET THEM !  HALT !
SHOOT THEM !
[ Gasps ]
- GET THEM !  COME ON !
- [ Screaming ]
[ Dogs Snarling.
Gi Dog Screaming ]
[ Dogs Whimpering ]
RUN !
- [ Screams. Gasping ]
- LET'S GET GOING.
[ Guards Shouting.
Dogs Barking ]
I TELL YOU. WITH A WIFE
AND KID TO TAKE CARE OF.
I'D BE MORE CAREFUL.
BUT THANKS
FOR GETTING ME OUT.
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
[ Coughing ]
[ Coughing Continues ]
[ Labored Breathing ]
- POP.
- SHH.
[ Coughing Continues ]
YOU'RE BACK.
SON. LISTEN.
PAPA HAS TO MAKE
A LITTLE TRIP.
MAKE SURE MOM
HAS EVERYTHING
SHE NEEDS.
WILL YOU... TRY
TO TAKE CARE OF HER
WHILE I'M GONE ?
HOW LONG
WILL YOU BE ?
WE'RE GONNA BE BACK
BEFORE YOU KNOW IT.
YOU WANT TO BE CAREFUL
NOT TO UPSET THE BOY;
OTHERWISE.
HE'LL START CRYING
AND WAKE UP YOUR WIFE.
I'M NOT GONNA CRY.
MONEY. JOHNNY.
GIVE IT TO YOUR MOM.
DAD.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING ?
[ Sighs ]
YOU GOTTA TELL THE KID
SOMETHING. RIGHT ?
BUDDY.
JUST MAKE SOMETHING UP.
HE'S ONLY A KID.
[ Wei ]
NO. I TELL ENOUGH LIES.
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE OKAY NOW.
POP WILL BE BACK SOON.
[ Chuckles ]
BUT WHILE HE'S GONE.
WHY DON'T YOU...
TAKE MY LUCKY RING ?
- HE DOESN'T NEED IT.
- BUT IT'S GOOD LUCK.
AT LEAST HE'LL HAVE SOMETHING.
SAY THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
[ Dogs Barking ]
OOH. WE'VE GOT
TO GET MOVING.
[ Barking Continues ]
- PAPA !
-[ Barking Continues ]
SEE YOU. KID.
HEY. HEY. YOU'RE NOT GONNA START
RUNNING AGAIN. ARE YOU ?
I TOLD YOU BEFORE
I-I GOT A BAD LEG.
[ Gi Dog ]
WE'RE IN HONG KONG NOW.
LIVE A LITTLE.
HERE.
[ Gasps. Laughs ]
HOW MUCH IS IT ?
[ Merchant ]
THREE HUNDRED. SIR.
OH.
OH. HEY. HEY.
I'LL GET THAT.
HOW MUCH ?
WAIT.
I GOT IT.
SO WHEN DO WE MEET
YOUR BOSS ?
DON'T WORRY.
IT'S ALL SET UP.
HEY. YOU LIKE THAT ?
I'LL STEAL IT
FOR YOU TOMORROW.
YEAH ?
[ Honks Horn ]
HEY. GIRLS.
WHAT'S SHAKING. HUH ?
GO HOME !
WHAT A LOSER.
WE'LL STEAL THEM
TOMORROW TOO.
I'M SET UP GOOD...
TO BUY SOME BOMBS.
PLASTIC EXPLOSIVES.
THE ONLY THING IS.
I DON'T WANT TO PART WITH
THE $2-MILLION ASKING PRICE.
NOW. THE WAY
I FIGURE IT.
ONE OF YOU SMART GUYS...
OUGHT TO BE ABLE
TO FIGURE OUT...
THE WAY...
TO DO IT.
NOT ME.
[ Groans ]
KEEP IT UP. AND I'LL
TAKE A BRICK TO YOUR FACE.
SCUM.
AND WE CATCH 'EM...
ALL AT ONCE.
[ Chuckling ]
[ Bo ]
HEY.
YOU GONNA EXPLAIN
YOUR BIG IDEA ?
SURE.  STEP ONE:
WE GIVE THEM ALL
THE MONEY.
THEN ONCE THEY HAND OVER
ALL THE EXPLOSIVES.
WE SIMPLY GO BACK
FOR THE MONEY AND TAKE IT.
SIMPLE.
ALMOST AS SIMPLE
AS YOU ARE.
[ Gasping ]
NO. NO.
DON'T LET ME FALL !
[ Whimpering ]
DON'T LET GO.
YOU BETTER KEEP YOUR STUPID
IDEAS TO YOURSELF. MORON.
HEY. LISTEN.
WE CAN KEEP THE EXPLOSIVES
WITHOUT LOSING YOUR DOUGH.
YEAH. YEAH.
THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN
TRYING TO TELL YOU !
YEAH. YEAH.
[ Continues Whimpering ]
OKAY.
LET'S HEAR IT. HUH ?
YOU GO ALONE.
THAT'S NOT MUCH
OF A PLAN.
AT THE MEETING.
YOU GIVE THEM THE MONEY.
PICK UP THE EXPLOSIVES.
ON YOUR SIGNAL.
THE REST OF US RUSH IN
AND TAKE THEM DOWN.
[ Bo ]
WHAT'S GONNA STOP THEM
FROM BLOWING US AWAY ?
THE SUIT MADE FROM EXPLOSIVES
THAT ONE OF US HAS ON.
I'LL LET YOU WEAR IT.
OKAY. TOMORROW.
BY THAT WATERFALL.
WAIT FOR MY SIGNAL.
FIVE YEARS.  THAT'S HOW LONG
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU
TO LEAVE YOUR WIFE.
IT'S NOT THAT EASY.
THESE THINGS TAKE TIME.
OH. REALLY ?
YOU KNOW
IT'S WHAT I WANT.
YES.
SO YOU'VE TOLD ME.
OH. MR. BO. YOUR FRIENDS
ARE ALREADY UPSTAIRS
WAITING FOR YOU.
THANK YOU. DARLING.
THANK YOU.
IF IT ISN'T THE FAMOUS
MR. BO XIANG HIMSELF.
STANLEY !
MR. BO. JUST A FRIENDLY LITTLE
FRISK. IF YOU DON'T MIND.
HOW ARE YOU ?
AS LONG AS YOU DON'T GET
TOO FRIENDLY OR TOO FRISKY.
DON'T TOUCH.
YOU GOT IT.
[ Laughs ]
HEY. THERE.
PLEASE. SIT DOWN.
HOW ARE YOU ?
I'M FINE.
[ Bo ]
DON'T WORRY.
I CAME BY MYSELF.
SHALL WE GET THIS
OVER WITH ?
THEY TOLD ME
YOU WERE DANGEROUS.
YOU ARE NOTORIOUS
FOR DOUBLE-CROSSING.
JUST LIKE A WOMAN:
SULKY. ANGRY.
THEY'RE NEVER HAPPY.
[ Gi ]
SO THAT'S YOUR BOMB. HUH ?
[ Spits ]
SO IS THIS THING
GONNA BLOW UP OR WHAT ?
SURE. IT WILL.
YEAH ?
OKAY.
HEY. BUDDY...
I JUST WANT TO SAY...
WHEN A WOMAN'S IN CHARGE.
WATCH YOUR BACK.
I'M SURE
HE'S FIGURED THAT OUT.
NEXT TIME
YOU'RE IN LATVIA.
WE'LL BUY YOU A DRINK.
OKAY. OKAY.
BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.
LATER.
[ Laughing ]
[ Engine Starts ]
YEAH.
[ Bo ]
LET'S DO IT.
READY.
- [ Shutter Clicking ]
-[ Car Engine Starts ]
NO PROBLEM.
AN EASY $2 MILLION .
[ Laughing ]
- WATCH THE KID !
- [ Woman Screaming ]
[ Crowd Clamoring ]
LET'S GO !
GET TO THE CAR !
COME ON !  MOVE !
- [ Gasps ]
-[ Crowd Continues Shouting ]
[ Woman ]
WATCH OUT !
- COVER ME !  I'LL GET IT !
- THERE !  THERE !
[ Exchanging Gunfire ]
GET OUT OF THE WAY !
MOVE !  GET OUT OF HERE !
- [ Glass Shatters ]
- [ Grunting ]
GO. GO !  COME ON !
YOU CAN GO.  COME ON !
DON'T MOVE !
[ Sighs ]
[ Chuckling ]
DROP THE GUN
AND PUT DOWN THE SUITCASE.
DROP THE FREAKIN' GUNS !
GO AHEAD AND SHOOT !
GO !  COME ON !
LET'S SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
YOU KNOW THIS IS THE REAL THING.
- THROW THE GUNS IN THE WATER.
- DON'T SHOOT !  DON'T SHOOT !
HEY. WHAT'S UP ?
THEY'RE SHOOTING
INSIDE THERE.
SHOOTING ?
STAY DOWN.
[ Man ]  LET'S GO.
COME ON NOW.  CAREFUL.
GO.  QUICKLY.
DON'T MOVE.
CODE NINE.  SHOOTOUT
ON JUNCTION STREET.
- QUICK.  LET'S GO.
-[ Men ]  COME ON. LET'S GO.
LET'S GO. LET'S GO.
GET OUT OF HERE !
I GOT HIM !
GET YOUR GUNS !
NOW. NOW !
[ Firing ]
GET HIM !
[ Screaming ]
- [ Groans ]
- [ Gun Misfires ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Scream ]
- [ Bullets Ricochetting ]
- [ Weapon Jams. Wei Gasps ]
QUICK. LET'S GO !
GET OUT !
THIS WAY !
[ Gunfire ]
[ Gunfire Continues ]
[ Screaming ]
-[ Gunfire Continues ]
- [ Bullets Ricochetting ]
[ Siren Blaring ]
STAY LOW.
[ Siren Blaring.
Crowd Clamoring ]
HEY !  I'M A DETECTIVE !
[ Gasps. Bullet Ricochets ]
[ Drops Gun ]
DROP THE GUN
OR I'LL KILL HIM.
NOW.
[ Sizzling ]
- GET EVERYONE OUT !
- [ Crowd Shouting ]
THAT MEANS YOU TOO.
GO !
WHAT NOW.
INSPECTOR FONG ?
YOU BOYS BEHAVE NOW...
AND NOBODY GETS HURT.
TAKE IT EASY NOW.
[ Continues Sizzling ]
[ Tires Screeching ]
STOP.  JUST LISTEN.
DON'T YOU THINK AN INSPECTOR
WOULD MAKE A BETTER HOSTAGE ?
TAKE ME INSTEAD.
START DRIVING.
[ Revving Engine ]
THE BOMB !
[ Wei ]
SO WHY DID YOU VOLUNTEER ?
YOU AN ACTION FREAK ?
[ Fong ]
JAMES--
DETECTIVE SHU--
WOULD HAVE DONE
SOMETHING... STUPID.
AND YOU'D MAKE HIM PAY.
BUT YOU WON'T TRY
ANYTHING STUPID. RIGHT ?
[ Siren Approaching ]
NOT ME.
[ Siren. Louder ]
DO YOU KNOW
WHERE YOU'RE GOING ?
[ Fong ]
OH. YEAH.
GET OUT !
- [ Sirens Blaring ]
- [ Fires ]
[ Gasps ]
HOLD ON !
[ Groaning ]
I'VE GOT YOU.
DON'T LET GO !
-[ Footsteps Running ]
- [ Cars Honking ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Man ]
A WITNESS TOOK THIS PHOTOGRAPH
OF ONE OF THE SUSPECTS.
HE MATCHES THE DESCRIPTION
OF A SMALL-TIME BEIJING HOOD.
YOU BETTER GET UP THERE
AND ASK SOME QUESTIONS.
YOU'LL NEED
TO SEE A CAPTAIN PHAT
IN BEIJING ANTICRIME.
HEY. WHAT'S WRONG ?
COME ON. TELL ME.
SOMETHING'S WRONG. ISN'T IT ?
[ Man ]
YEAH. THAT'S THE MAN
WHO ESCAPED.
WHEN WAS THAT ?
FRIDAY.
WHY ?
MY INVESTIGATION.
HE HAS A FAMILY
HERE IN BEIJING.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT ?
THAT'S WHAT I HEAR.
HIS BACKGROUND
IS PRETTY SKETCHY.
COULD I HAVE A LOOK
AT HIS FILE ?
I DON'T HAVE ONE
FOR YOU TO LOOK AT.
I SEE.  THANK YOU.
YOU'VE BEEN VERY HELPFUL.
MY MOM SAYS SHE CAN ONLY
GIVE YOU $55 FOR THE WATCH.
NOT 65.
LIKE YOU ASKED FOR.
WHAT'S THAT ?
BUGS IN A JAR.
WHAT ABOUT IT ?
JOHNNY.
- WELL. I FEEL
LIKE STOMPING SOME ANTS.
-[ Bully's Pals Laughing ]
[ Boy ]
WAY TO GO. BULL.  HE'S TRYING
TO STARE YOU DOWN. BULL.
JOHNNY. COME ON.
YOU WANT TROUBLE.
ANT BOY ?
HEY. GIVE ME THAT.
[ Bull ]
WHOA. WHAT'S THIS ?
[ Johnny Grunting ]
HEY. LOOK !  ANT BOY'S
DADDY'S A CRIMINAL !
I'LL KILL YOU ALL !
HE'S WANTED
BY THE COPS !
[ Freddy ]
GIVE THAT BACK.
LOOK RIGHT THERE.
THAT'S HIS PICTURE. LOOK !
[ Boys Chanting ]
MOST WANTED !
MOST WANTED !  MOST WANTED !
[ Boys Continue
Chanting ]
[ Boy ]
YOUR DAD'S A CRIMINAL.
[ Chanting Continues ]
STOP IT !  ALL OF YOU !
GIVE ME THAT !
GIVE IT !
LEAVE HIM ALONE. YOU CREEPS !
GET HIM !
PICK UP SOME ROCKS. BOYS !
- OUCH !
- [ Boys Laughing ]
[ Bull ]
GET HIM !
OUCH.  OUCH.
[ Man ]
HEY. WHAT'S GOING ON HERE ?
BACK TO YOUR CLASSROOMS.
ALL OF YOU.
HEY. JOHN KUNG.
YOU HAVE A PHONE CALL.
MY OFFICE.
HELLO ?
[ Wei ]
JOHNNY. IT'S ME.
PAPA. WHERE ARE YOU ?
WAIT.
IS ANYBODY THERE ?
YEAH.
DON'T SAY ANYTHING.
WE'RE HERE IN HONG KONG.
WHAT'S HAPPENING WITH MA ?
UM... SHE'S NOT
MOVING AROUND MUCH.
CAN YOU SEND US
SOME MORE MONEY ?
MOM NEEDS MEDICINE.
MORE MONEY IS ON THE WAY.
BUT ABOUT MY PHONE CALL--
BETTER NOT TELL HER.
- HOW ABOUT IF SHE ASKS ?
- PLEASE.
POP. PEOPLE ARE MAKING FUN
OF ME AT SCHOOL.
ABOUT ME ?
YEAH.
WHEN I SEE YOU.
I WILL EXPLAIN THIS STUFF.
WHAT HAPPENS IF MOM...
DOESN'T GET BETTER ?
CALL ME ON MY PAGER.
ONE. ONE.
SEVEN. SEVEN. ONE. THREE.
ONE. NINE. ONE. ZERO.
LEAVE A MESSAGE.
AND I'LL CALL YOU
AS SOON AS I CAN.
JOHNNY. TAKE CARE.
I WILL.  BYE.
SEE YOU.
[ Hangs Receiver Up ]
[ Spits ]
- [ Laughing ]
- STOP IT. YOU GUYS.
PLEASE STOP IT.
FREDDY. ARE YOU OKAY ?
[ Boy Taunting ]
WIPE THE TEARS !
MOST OF THE ANTS ARE GONE.
[ Boys Continue Laughing.
Taunting ]
[ Bull ]
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT ?
I'LL STOMP BOTH OF YOU TOO !
GET THEM !
[ Yelling ]
NEXT !
[ Groaning ]
WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY ANTS ?
[ Yelling ]
[ Groaning ]
YOU WANT TO SAY SOMETHING BAD
ABOUT MY FATHER ?
[ Bell Ringing ]
[ Groaning ]
GO !
[ Bell Continues Ringing ]
HEY. BUDDY. LET'S GO.
THESE ARE DUE
AT THE END OF THE WEEK.
SPELLING ON MONDAY.
[ Ringing ]
MY MOM'S
TAKING ME SHOPPING.
OKAY.  BYE.
[ Vendors. Customers
Chattering ]
[ Chattering Continues ]
[ Gasping ]
THIS KID'S A HIKER.
EXCUSE ME.
MA !  HOW ARE YOU FEELING ?
OH. GOOD.
YOU'RE HERE.
I GOT SOME
NEW ANTS TODAY.
LET ME SEE THEM.
HERE.
LOOK AT HOW MANY I GOT.
UH-HUH.
[ Fong ]
EXCUSE ME.
I'M ANNA FONG.
I'VE COME HERE
FROM HONG KONG TODAY.
I WONDER IF I MIGHT
HAVE A WORD ?
JOHNNY. SEE IF THE SOUP IS HOT.
OKAY.
PLEASE SIT DOWN.
JOHNNY.
I BROUGHT YOU
SOME BACON.
THANKS.
WHO'S THAT ?
I DON'T KNOW.
SEE YOU LATER.
BYE.
SO. I WANT TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT YOUR HUSBAND.
MM-HMM.
HAVE YOU HEARD
FROM KUNG WEI ?
NOT MUCH. REALLY.
DO YOU KNOW HIM ?
GOSH !  I'M SO SURPRISED
HE DIDN'T TELL YOU ABOUT ME.
WE RUN A BUSINESS TOGETHER.
HMM.
IS THE AIRPORT VERY BUSY ?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT ?
THE AIRPORT.
OH !  OH. YES. IT WAS.
IT WAS SO CROWDED.
MOM. HERE'S YOUR SOUP.
IT'S HOT.
THANKS.
[ Gags ]
BAD TASTING. BUT IT DOES
HELP ME TO BREATHE.
PAPA SENT US A LETTER.
DO YOU WANT ME TO READ IT ?
YES.
"DEAR JOHNNY.
"FOR AT LEAST ANOTHER WEEK
I'LL BE IN HONG KONG.
"PLEASE BE AS HELPFUL
TO YOUR MA AS YOU CAN.
"WHEN WE SEE EACH OTHER.
"YOU CAN BE SURE THAT I WILL
EXPLAIN EVERYTHING TO YOU.
"MEANWHILE. KEEP ON DOING
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
"AND DON'T LISTEN TO WHAT
PEOPLE MIGHT SAY ABOUT ME.
"I'LL BE HOME
AS SOON AS I CAN.
"SO TRY AND TAKE CARE
OF THINGS WHILE I'M GONE.
"IN THE ENVELOPE
YOU WILL FIND $65--
"I MEAN $55 TO HELP YOU
PAY FOR MOM'S MEDICINE.
SEE YOU SOON.
LOVE. PAPA."
HERE'S THE $55.
I WANT TO KEEP THE LETTER.
OKAY.
[ Chuckling ]
THAT WAS SO GREAT.
UH... YOUR PAPA
GAVE YOU THIS.
JOHNNY. MISS FONG
IS PAPA'S FRIEND.
SHE. UH--
SHE WORKS WITH PAPA.
- SHE. UH--  SHE--
- WE BUY AND SELL STOCKS.
[ Wei ]
DEAR JOHNNY.
I KNOW IT MUST SEEM LIKE
I'M ALWAYS WRITING TO YOU
FROM SOME FARAWAY PLACE.
BUT. HOPEFULLY.
THINGS WILL CHANGE SOON.
I'M HOPING TO BE WITH YOU
FOR THE NEW YEAR CELEBRATION.
REMEMBER
TO TAKE CARE OF YOUR MOM.
WHEN I'M NOT THERE.
YOU'RE THE MAN OF THE HOUSE.
- IT'S HIM.
-[ Coughing ]
I'M SO SORRY IF I WOKE YOU.
IT'S OKAY.
I WASN'T SLEEPING.
I KNOW YOU AND KUNG WEI
DON'T WORK TOGETHER.
YOU'RE WITH THE POLICE...
IN HONG KONG.
HOW MUCH TROUBLE
IS WEI IN ?
UH... IT'S NOTHING.
REALLY.
I APPRECIATE YOU
MAKING IT SO EASY ON US.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HE DOES.
BUT I'M SURE IT ISN'T GOOD.
AND...
I CAN TELL YOU THAT...
HE'S A WONDERFUL FATHER...
AND A GOOD HUSBAND TOO.
IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE
ALL THE BAD THINGS I HEAR.
HE WORRIES SO MUCH.
IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE...
THAT HE COULD DO
WHAT THEY SAY HE DOES.
[ Sighs. Sobs ]
[ Coughing ]
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT ?
YOU WON'T FIND ANYTHING.
HE ALWAYS DISAPPEARS...
AND THEN ONE DAY
HE JUST SHOWS UP.
YOU'RE SO TRUSTING.
I'M NOT SURE WHAT TO DO.
[ Sighs ]
WHAT I'D LIKE YOU TO DO...
IS TO TAKE BACK
YOUR MONEY.
TAKE IT NOW.
MY JOHNNY--
HE'S GOING TO NEED SOMEONE...
WHOSE COMPASSION MATTERS--
MATTERS MORE TO HER
THAN HER DUTY.
PLEASE HELP.
PROMISE ME.
[ Chattering ]
[ Freddy ]
JOHNNY. CAN YOU HANG OUT
WITH ME TODAY ?
NO. GOTTA HELP MY MOM.
TOO BAD.
SEE YOU LATER.  BYE.
GOOD MORNING.
WOW. YOU'RE WEARING
MY MAMA'S DRESS.
IT LOOKS GOOD ON YOU.
ANNA.
OH. REALLY ?
REALLY.  I'M ALWAYS SURPRISED
BY THE CLOTHES SOME WOMEN
PICK OUT TO WEAR.
SO. JOHNNY. YOU'RE ONLY
TEN YEARS OLD.
ALREADY A LADIES' MAN ?
I KNOW WHO'S PRETTY.
MY MOM IS SOMETIMES.
AM I PRETTY ?
FREDDY--
HE TOLD ME HE DIDN'T
THINK YOU WERE PRETTY.
WHAT ?
BUT I TOLD HIM YOU WERE.
AND YOUR TASTE IN WOMEN
IS EXCELLENT.
LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
ARE YOU REALLY
MY PAPA'S FRIEND ?
UH... I--
SEE. MY MAMA SAID
THAT PAPA DOESN'T KNOW
ANYBODY IN HONG KONG.
REALLY ?
AREN'T YOU CLEVER.
WELL. WHAT DOES
YOUR PAPA SAY ?
HE SAYS THAT WHEN
A MAN TALKS. A WOMAN'S
SUPPOSED TO PAY ATTENTION.
IS THAT RIGHT ?
YOUR PAPA TOLD ME THAT
YOU ARE MAN OF THE HOUSE
WHILE HE'S AWAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT HE SHOWED ME ?
A PHOTO OF YOUR FAMILY.
WHAT KIND OF PHOTO ?
A PICTURE OF ALL OF YOU.
[ Laughing ]
HERE.
I'LL OWE IT TO YOU.
ALL RIGHT ?
DON'T YOU WORRY ABOUT IT.
EASY COME. EASY GO.  HUH ?
PRETTY SOON WE'LL BOTH
BE ROLLING IN IT.
HEY. TWO BURGERS.
OKAY.
THERE'S A BIG JOB COMING UP.
THAT'S WHAT I HEAR.
SURE THERE'S A BIG JOB.
ANTIQUES FROM
THE CHINESE MAINLAND.
ANTIQUES ?
FOR WHO ?
A DEALER.
SOME BROAD NAMED LI.
SO MY BUYERS ARE VERY PLEASED
WITH THE ANTIQUE SAMPLES
YOU'VE SMUGGLED OUT.
I'VE SET UP THE AUCTION
FOR LATE SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
HAVE YOU THOUGHT
ABOUT THE COPS ?
YES. WE'VE TAKEN CARE
OF THAT SITUATION.
YOU SEE.
SUNDAY'S AUCTION...
WILL TAKE PLACE
ON A PRIVATE BOAT.
I'D SAY OUR GUESTS WILL BE
CARRYING MILLIONS IN CASH.
THAT MODIFIES THE WHOLE PLAN.
HOW ?  YOU'RE NOT SUGGESTING
THAT WE ROB THEM ?
I'M NOT SUGGEST--
D-DO YOU THINK THAT'S
WHAT I'M SUGGESTING ?
IT'S NOT SUCH A BAD IDEA.
OF COURSE. WE'D HAVE TO KILL
ALL OF THEM AND BURN THE SHIP...
TO GET RID
OF THE EVIDENCE.
AH. YES. I LIKE IT.
BEATS HOCKING
HOT ANTIQUES.
BUT WATCH OUT.
I HEAR THAT
BEIJING ANTICRIME
IS LOOKING...
TO INFILTRATE
YOUR CREW.
WHO SAYS ?
IT'S THE WORD
ON THE STREET. BABY.
[ Li Laughing ]
[ Bo ]
I TAKE HALF OFF THE TOP.
AND YOU GUYS SPLIT THE REST.
THINK YOU CAN DIVIDE
A MILLION SIX WAYS ?
I CAN.
IT'S A LOT OF MONEY.
THESE LOOK LIKE
THEY COME FROM XI'AN.
JUST LOOK AT THE SIZE
OF THE HORSE'S HEAD
IN PROPORTION TO ITS BODY.
THERE'S NO MISTAKING IT.
STRANGE ONE.
AREN'T YOU ?
HOW WOULD YOU KNOW
WHERE THIS STUFF COMES FROM ?
I'VE BEEN AROUND A BIT.
[ Bo ]
I LIKE THAT.
IN ORDER FOR YOU
TO MOVE THIS.
THE MAN IN CHARGE MUST
HAVE SOME REAL POWER.
IT'S NOT REALLY A MAN.
MORE LIKE A THING.
[ Laughs ]
[ Continues Laughing ]
CAPTAIN. IT'S ME.
[ Women Laughing ]
LISTEN. THERE ARE STOLEN
ANTIQUES HERE WORTH A FORTUNE
AND A WOMAN NAMED LI--
THAT'S GOOD.
KEEP DIGGING
AND CALL ME BACK.
YEAH. WELL. LISTEN.
HOW MUCH LONGER ARE YOU GONNA
KEEP ME HERE LIKE THIS ?
AS LONG AS IT TAKES.
WE NEED THESE PEOPLE
PUT AWAY.
UNDERSTAND ?
[ Sighs ]
MM-HMM.
[ Johnny ]
DEAR PAPA. HOW ARE YOU ?
I HOPE THAT
YOU'RE GETTING MY LETTERS.
I AM FINE. BUT MAMA
ISN'T GETTING ANY BETTER.
[ Sighs ]
[ Loud Thud ]
[ Crying. Coughing ]
MAMA. ARE YOU ALL RIGHT ?
MAMA. WAKE UP !  MAMA !
[ Gasping ]
WHAT IS IT.
JOHNNY ?
SHE NEEDS TO GO
TO THE HOSPITAL
RIGHT NOW.
[ Gasping ]
HURRY !  LET'S GO !
ON THE LEFT !
COME ON !  COMING !
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN DO ?
MY SON IS JUST TOO YOUNG...
TO UNDERSTAND
ABOUT DYING.
HE NEEDS HIS FATHER.
PLEASE--
PLEASE FIND WEI.
GIVE HIM THIS LETTER.
IT SAYS...
THAT HE SHOULD TRUST YOU.
AND THAT YOU'LL TRY
TO HELP HIM.
FOR JOHNNY'S SAKE.
WOULD YOU...
DO WHAT YOUR HEART
TELLS YOU IS RIGHT ?
SET YOUR JOB ASIDE.  HELP.
WILL YOU TAKE CARE
OF OUR SON ?
JOHNNY NEEDS YOU.
[ Gasping. Sighs ]
- SALLY !
- [ Groans ]
- DOCTOR !
- MOM !
MOM. YOU'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
TALK TO ME. MAMA.
MAMA ?
[ Weakly ]
JOHNNY...
BETTER LISTEN.
ANNA WILL LOOK AFTER YOU.
SHE'LL TAKE YOU TO PAPA.
[ Wheezing ]
NOW. JOHNNY...
JUST...
PROMISE ME--
PROMISE ME...
[ Crying ]
THAT YOU'LL
ALWAYS REMEMBER...
HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU.
I'LL ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT.
WILL YOU
ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT...
NO MATTER
HOW MUCH TIME PASSES BY...
I WON'T FORGET YOU ?
YES.
GIVE THIS TO MISS FONG.
[ Wheezing ]
SHE'LL GIVE IT TO PAPA.
FIND HIM. ANNA.
I WILL.
WE STARTED TO BE...
SO CLOSE.
PROBABLY...
WE'D BE--
WE'D BE BEST FRIENDS.
I-I HOPE--
I HOPE--
[ Exhales ]
ANNA. I DON'T WANT
TO BE ALL ALONE.
[ Thunderclap ]
[ Pager Beeping ]
HEY. TURN OFF YOUR PAGERS.
IT'S NOT MINE.
I SAID
TURN THEM OFF.
[ Beeping Continues ]
[ Thug ]
WHO IS IT ?
[ Continues Beeping ]
ARE YOU DEAF OR WHAT ?
[ Chuckles ]
HONEST TO GOD ?
- [ Coughing ]
- HEY !
HANDS UP WHERE
WE CAN SEE THEM !
- PLEASE STOP IT !
- YOU BETTER LEARN TO LISTEN
WHEN I'M TALKIN'.
[ Yelling ]
- [ Continues Yelling ]
- [ Laughing ]
- [ Continues Laughing ]
- [ Continues Yelling ]
- [ Laughing ]
- [ Yelling ]
- [ Grunts. Breathes Deeply ]
- YOU'LL BE HOME SOON.
OH. GOD.
YOU'LL BE SORRY YOU
EVEN THOUGHT ABOUT
MESSING WITH ME !
[ Gasping ]
[ Blows Continue.
Yelling ]
- [ Groaning ]
- [ Grunting ]
[ Groaning Continues ]
LET ME HAVE A PIECE OF HIM !
[ Groans ]
YOU MESS WITH HIM.
THAT'S WHAT YOU GET !
YOU WANT
SOME MORE. HUH ?
WHAT'S WITH YOU ?
YOU CRAZY OR WHAT ?
BOSS MUST LIKE YOU.
[ Beeping ]
OTHERWISE.
YOU'D BE DEAD.
ANYWAY. LET ME WARN YOU.
FOR YOUR OWN GOOD.
FIGHTING WITH BO
IS A GOOD WAY
TO GET KILLED.
OKAY ?
BO IS A KILLER.
PACK SOME SWEATERS.
IT GETS COLD AT NIGHT
IN HONG KONG.
OH. AND DON'T FORGET
TO BRING SOME BOOKS ALONG
FOR THE TRIP.
ANYTHING BIG
YOU CAN FIT
IN MY SUITCASE.
COME ON.
I'VE GOT PLENTY OF ROOM
RIGHT OVER HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKING FOR ?
I DON'T KNOW.
GO ON.  MAKE SURE YOU
HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN ANYTHING.
GO AHEAD.
[ Children Playing ]
JOHNNY. YOU'RE GOING ?
YEAH. I'M GOING.
HERE. TAKE IT.
WHAT'S WRONG ?
IT'S A PRESENT
FOR GOING AWAY.
MY MOM SAID
YOU SHOULD HAVE IT.
COME ON.
TAKE IT.
YOUR DAD GAVE IT TO YOU.
DIDN'T HE ?
IT'S YOURS.
THANK YOU.
WE DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT THE GUY.
[ Crying ]
[ Crying Continues ]
JOHNNY.
HOW COME SO... FAR ?
[ Continues Crying ]
[ Crying Continues ]
BYE.
BYE. JOHNNY.
HAVE A SAFE TRIP.
[ Man ]
THAT'S IT RIGHT THERE.
THAT'S GOOD.
[ Man #2 ]
NOW IT'S MY TURN.
HEY. DUMMY.
[ Groans ]
DON'T SCARE ME
LIKE THAT !
[ Chattering ]
WE'RE NOT IN HONG KONG.
WHAT'S UP. INSPECTOR ?
CAN YOU TAKE US
TO THE ISLAND ?
WHAT ?
TAKE YOU AND THE KID ?
SHH.
AH. MISS FONG. THIS MUST BE
YOUR SON THEN. RIGHT ?
JUST A MINUTE.
MY POP'S KUNG WEI.
I'M NOT HER SON.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU ?
- WHAT'S THAT ?
- THE INSPECTOR
HAS GOT A KID WITH HER.
[ Man Over Phone ]
HIS FATHER'S NAME
IS KUNG WEI.
STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
ROUND UP SOME GUYS
AND ROUGH HER UP.
- UNDERSTAND ?
- GOT IT.
[ Sighs ]
WHAT'S UP ?
OH. NOT MUCH.
HOW COME YOU GUYS
ARE SO QUIET ?
LET'S HAVE A ROUND.
LISTEN. DUMMY.
I'M WARNING YOU.
DON'T DOUBLE-CROSS ME.
[ Man Yells ]
[ Yelling ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Yelling ]
ANNA.
THE BIG ONE'S MINE.
YUP.
[ Grunts. Yells ]
[ Thugs Groaning ]
[ Yelling ]
[ Yells ]
[ Anna ]
THE LETTER.
[ Gasps ]
THEY MADE ME DO IT.
GO.
[ Shuddering ]
ANNA.
WILL THEY BE BACK ?
NO.
COME ON.
[ Johnny ]
THAT WAS AWESOME !
TELL THE TRUTH. ANNA.
YOU'RE A COP.
AREN'T YOU ?
YEAH.
LOOK. JOHNNY.
I FIRST CAME
TO ARREST YOUR PAPA.
BUT I CHANGED MY MIND.
WHY ?
I DON'T REALLY BELIEVE THAT
YOUR PAPA'S BROKEN ANY LAWS.
PROBABLY...
HE'S A POLICEMAN.
YEAH.  I CAN'T WAIT
TO TELL THE OTHER KIDS
IN MY SCHOOL.
NO. WE HAVE TO KEEP THIS
OUR LITTLE SECRET.
YOUR PAPA HAS HIS REASONS.
[ Man #1 ]  THE TRUCK'S READY
TO GET LOADED.
[ Man #2 ]  ON THE DOUBLE !
[ Office Chatter ]
[ Chattering Continues ]
YOU PROMISED ME.
WHAT ?
YOU SAID YOU WOULDN'T
GIVE THE PRESS ANYTHING
ABOUT THE BOY.
I TRUSTED YOU !
WELL. WHAT ABOUT
MY INVESTIGATION ?
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO ?
I'M A POLICE SERGEANT.
YOU COULD DO
A LITTLE BIT MORE...
TO HELP ME.
YOU SHOULD SEE
IF YOUR WIFE CAN HELP YOU.
THAT'S MY ADVICE.
[ Ringing ]
HELLO ?
- [ Beeps. Wei Over Phone ]
JOHNNY.
- YOU GOT MY MESSAGE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
IN HONG KONG ?
I'M WITH ANNA FONG.
SHE SAYS SHE KNOWS YOU.
[ Talking. Quietly ]
WHERE WERE YOU ?
BUYING A NEWSPAPER.
LET ME HAVE THE KEYS.
WHAT FOR ?
JUST DO IT.
TRY NOT TO SCRATCH
THE PAINT. DAMN IT.
[ Sighs ]
THIS GUY'S CRAZY.
HEY. HOW ABOUT A DRINK ?
HEY. LEAVE A LITTLE
FOR THE REST OF US. HUH ?
KEEP THEM COMING.
HEY. GIVE ME THAT.
HEY.
UH. EXCUSE ME. BOSS.
GOT TO USE THE CAN.
[ Footsteps Departing.
Quickly ]
IN OTHER NEWS.
HONG KONG POLICE HAVE
REPORTED A MISSING CHILD.
DETECTIVE JAMES SHU
IS ASKING FOR THE PUBLIC'S
ASSISTANCE...
IN HELPING TO LOCATE A MISSING
TEN-YEAR-OLD BOY BY THE NAME
OF JOHN KUNG.
ANYONE WITH INFORMATION
REGARDING THE WHEREABOUTS
OF THE BOY...
OR HIS FATHER. KUNG WEI.
SHOULD CONTACT
THE POLICE HELP LINE.
SHE TOLD.
A CHILD MATCHING
JOHN'S DESCRIPTION--
[ Sighs ]
[ Men Talking ]
INSPECTOR.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE ?
DETECTIVE SHU ORDERED IT.
JOHNNY ?
[ Johnny ]
HELLO ?
[ Wei ]
JOHNNY.
[ Woman Over Phone ]
WHAT IS YOUR MESSAGE
FOR MR. KUNG WEI ?
THE MESSAGE IS:
DON'T COME.
TOO DANGEROUS.
[ Wei Over Machine ]
SO YOU'RE STAYING
WITH THIS WOMAN ANNA ?
[ Johnny Over Machine ]
UH-HUH.  SHE'S BEEN REALLY NICE.
SHE THINKS YOU'RE A COP.
[ Wei ]
WHAT ?
[ Johnny ]
ARE YOU. PAPA ?
DID SHE TELL ANYONE THIS ?
NO.
SHE SAID IT WAS
OUR LITTLE SECRET.
AND THAT YOU HAD A GOOD REASON
FOR DOING WHAT YOU DID.
SHE'S A COP TOO.
AND I BET SHE'S A GOOD ONE.
[ Pager Beeping ]
[ Continues Beeping ]
[ Doorknob Clicks ]
STOP.
WHO ARE YOU ?
I KNOW THOSE EYES.
IT WAS YOU.
WASN'T IT ?
YOU BETRAYED JOHNNY.
NOT ME.
IT WAS SOMEONE ELSE.
HOW ABOUT YOU
TELLING THE TRUTH ?
I NEVER BETRAYED HIM.
WHEN WILLYOUSTART
TELLING THE TRUTH ?
YOUR WIFE DIED
THINKING YOU WERE A FUGITIVE.
I CAN'T.
TELL SOMEONE.
TELL ME.
WHY ?
WHAT DOES IT MATTER ?
[ Policemen Knocking ]
INSPECTOR. OPEN THE DOOR.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT ?
INSPECTOR ?
BREAK IT IN.
COME ON.
SEARCH THE OTHER ROOM.
INSPECTOR ?
WHAT HAPPENED ?
NOT IN HERE.
- [ Officer ]  NOTHING HERE.
- [ Officer #2 ]  NOT HERE.
HE GOT OUT THE WINDOW.
HE JUMPED.  LET'S GO.  COME ON.
RIGHT.
[ Footsteps Departing ]
MY FRIEND...
SHOW THIS TO JOHNNY'S PAPA.
[ Sally ]
MY DARLING WEI. I KNOW
I WON'T BE SEEING YOU AGAIN.
SO I'M WRITING ONE LAST TIME.
MISS FONG IS THERE TO HELP YOU.
SHE GAVE ME HER WORD.
SO PLEASE TRUST HER.
[ Drunken Men Laughing ]
SHE'S BEEN VERY KIND TO ME
AND TO JOHNNY.
ALTHOUGH I HAVE NEVER UNDERSTOOD
WHY YOU DO CERTAIN THINGS.
I'M SURE THAT
YOU MUST HAVE GOOD REASONS.
BUT NOW. MORE THAN EVER.
YOUR SON NEEDS YOU.
SO I'M ASKING YOU TO COME BACK
AND BE WITH HIM.
[ Sighs ]
HELLO.
YOUR PAPA SENT
FOR YOU.  GET IN.
[ Thug ]
FINALLY. IT'S HERE.
YEAH. NICE AND HOT.
GIVE ME MINE.
HERE YOU GO.
SPICY.
MUST BE FOR JOHNNY.
[ Johnny. Softly ]
"CAREFUL.  BAD GUY."
[ Thug ]  GOOD PLACE.
[ Nervous Laugh ]
LOOKS GREAT.
GOOD FOR YOU.
[ Door Opens. Closes ]
HEY. KUNG WEI.
WHERE YOU BEEN ?
COME JOIN US.
[ Thug ]
PASS SOME CHOPSTICKS.
OKAY.
TRY A LITTLE BIT
OF THIS.
HEY. WHO'S THIS ?
THE BOY'S NAME IS KUNG.
HEY. MAYBE HE'S YOUR KID.
ARE WE ALL RELATED ?
LOOK UP KUNG
IN THE PHONE BOOK.
THERE'S A MILLION OF US.
[ Chuckling ]
THEY CAN'T ALL BE MINE.
[ Thug ]  WANT SOME MORE ?
YEAH.
[ Thug ]  SURE.
HOW ABOUT A LIGHT ?
[ Bo ]
HEY. KID.
WHAT DOES YOUR DAD DO ?
IS HE A POLICEMAN ?
NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.
[ Chuckling ]
OH.  WISE GUY.
[ Continues Chuckling ]
YOU BETTER
WATCH YOUR MOUTH !
[ Gasping ]
[ Bo ]  OKAY. JOHNNY.
LET'S YOU AND ME
HAVE A LITTLE TALK.
HUH ?
WHY'D YOU COME
TO HONG KONG ?
TO SEE PAPA.
REALLY ?
SO WHAT'S YOUR PAPA
GONNA DO ?
[ Johnny ]  HE'S GONNA GET YOU.
HE SAID SO.
AH.
YOU STUPID LITTLE BRAT !
HE'S NOT GONNA GET ANYBODY
'CAUSE HE'S TOO SCARED
TO SHOW HIS FACE.
HE WON'T LET YOU
GET AWAY WITH THIS.
HE'LL FIND YOU
AND BUST YOU OPEN !
GET OVER HERE !
-[ Wei ]  DON'T MOVE !
-[ Johnny Gasping ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Gasping Continues ]
SAY YOUR PRAYERS.
WHAT PRAYERS ?
SEA DRAGON BREATHING.
NO MATTER WHAT...
WHEN YOU MEET UP
WITH MY PAPA.
HE WILL FIX ALL OF YOU
FOR GOOD.
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS
TO ME.
I KNOW HE'LL FIND YOU.
- [ Gasps. Groans ]
-[ Footsteps Departing ]
MAN. YOU'RE COLD-BLOODED.
I GUESS ALL KUNGS
AREN'T RELATED.
[ Thug ]
HEY. BOSS. WHAT DO WE DO
WITH THE BODY ?
UH. LET'S SEE.
SHOVE IT IN A SACK.
[ Car Engine Starts ]
[ Door Alarm Beeping.
Door Closes. Beeping Stops ]
HEY. DOG.
HOW ABOUT A PARTY ?
THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
WHY DON'T YOU
PICK THE PLACE ?
ALL RIGHT.
HEY. PARK THE CAR.
[ Wei ]
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
I LEFT MY JACKET.
[ Car Departs ]
[ Dialing Touch Phone ]
HELLO ?  WHAT ?
[ Answering Machine ]
HI. THIS IS ANNA.
PLEASE LEAVE YOUR MESSAGE
AT THE TONE.
[ Beeps ]
[ Softly ]
MISS FONG. IT'S KUNG WEI.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
YOU HAVE TO SAVE JOHNNY !
HE'S AT BO'S HOUSE.
OUTSIDE IN THE TRASH.
GET THERE !
[ Hangs Up Receiver ]
YOUR JACKET.
THANK YOU.
[ Pats Back ]
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
COME ON. BABE.
THAT WAS SO FUN.
SEE YOU LATER.
LET'S GET A ROOM
AND KEEP PARTYING.
[ Coughing ]
HEY. WHAT'S UP ?
YOU SICK ?
[ Continues Coughing ]
WE'LL TAKE YOU HOME.
NO. IT'S OKAY.
I'LL WALK IT OFF.
SURE. SUIT YOURSELF.
LET'S GO.
[ Continues Coughing ]
[ Coughing ]
[ Car Departing ]
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
JOHNNY.
WHERE ARE YOU ?
I'M HERE !
[ Car Tires Screech.
Car Door Opens ]
[ Bo ]
I'M REALLY SORRY
TO SEE YOU HERE.
I WAS STARTING TO LIKE YOU.
YOU'RE ALMOST AS CRAZY AS ME.
[ Gate Closes ]
SO. ARE YOU REALLY A COP ?
[ Exhales ]
COME ON.  I WANT
TO HEAR YOU SAY IT
BEFORE I KILL YOU.
JUST SHOOT ME.
IT DOESN'T MATTER NOW.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
GUYS LIKE YOU.
I COULD'VE MADE YOU
A MILLIONAIRE.  DON'T YOU
REALIZE HOW EASY IT IS ?
HOW WOULD I KNOW ?
I WAS NEVER AROUND MUCH MONEY.
YOU ALMOST HAD YOUR CHANCE.
RIGHT. BOYS ?
[ Thugs Yelling ]
[ Metal Clanging ]
[ Fighting Continues ]
YOU CAN STOP NOW.
I WANT TO DO THE JOB.
DAMN IT. STOP !
[ Cocks Gun ]
[ Metal Clanging.
Thug Grunting ]
- [ Fires Gun ]
- [ Thug Screams ]
NOW LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE.
YOU WOULDN'T LISTEN.
WOULD YOU ?
SO...
KUNG WEI.
ONE OF MY BEST
YOUNG PROTEGEES.
TURNS OUT
TO BE A COP.
NO. WOULDN'T WANT YOU
TO DIE THAT WAY.
[ Uncocks Gun ]
[ Groans. Drops Gun ]
[ Fighting Continues ]
[ Groans ]
[ Yells ]
- RUN HIM OVER !
- UH-HUH. OKAY !
[ Tires Squealing ]
[ Truck Approaching ]
-[ Truck Approaching ]
- DIE !  [ Accelerating ]
-[ Truck Approaching. Rapidly ]
- [ Grunting ]
[ Bo ]
WHAT ?  MOVE !
[ Yells. Drops Pipe ]
FOOL !  CAN'T YOU SEE HIM ?
HE'S RIGHT OVER THERE !
[ Grunting ]
[ Bo. Wei Grunting ]
I'M HERE.
HOLD ON !
[ Tires Squealing ]
JOHNNY.
UNCLE GI.
HEY. I BROUGHT YOU SOME TOYS.
LOOK AT THAT.
A WHOLE BAGFUL OF GOODIES.
SEE THERE ?
THANKS.
THERE YOU GO.
JOHNNY.
FEELING BETTER ?
OH. YEAH.
UNCLE GI ?
WHAT'S THE MATTER ?
WHERE'S MY PAPA ?
DON'T WORRY.
I HAVEN'T HEARD FROM HIM.
BUT HE'S GOT TO BE SOMEPLACE.
WAIT AND SEE.
I'M SURE HE'LL TURN UP SOON.
DON'T WORRY.
NOW YOU SIT TIGHT.
TRY AND FINISH THIS FOR ME.
IT'S YOUR FAVORITE.
HEY. TOUGH GUY.
YOU SEEM TO BE AS STRONG
AS YOUR PAPA IS.
HOW ABOUT SHOWING ME ?
ALL RIGHT.
THAT WAY.
OL' BO WON'T WANT
ANY PART OF ME. DAMN IT.
WHAT DOES "DAMN IT" MEAN ?
[ Stammering ]
OH. YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT DAMN IT MEANS.
OKAY.  OKAY. YEAH.
SO. JOHNNY.
HOW'S YOUR CHOW MEIN ?
DAMN IT.
OH !
HOW CAN I HELP YOU.
IF YOU WON'T LET ME ?
[ Bo ]
THERE'S NO GUNS
ALLOWED AT THE AUCTION.
YOU GUYS WILL ACT
AS SECURITY GUARDS.
PLANT ALL THE BOMBS BEFORE
ANYONE BOARDS THE SHIP.
[ Thug ]  OKAY.
WE'RE GOING
TO BE THE ONLY ONES LEAVING
THAT BOAT IN ONE PIECE.
DRESS FORMALLY.
SO YOU DON'T STAND OUT.
ANY QUESTIONS ?
UH. NO.  NO. SIR.
NO. SIR.
GOOD.
4:00. RIGHT HERE.
HERE ARE YOUR PASSES.
BO XIANG'S PLACE ?
[ Man ]  NO GOOD.
WE SAW BO. BUT NOT THE KID.
THAT WORRIES ME.
THE GOOD NEWS IS WE WENT THROUGH
EVERY GARBAGE BAG ON THE ISLAND.
SOMEBODY
GOT HIM OUT.
KEEP LOOKING.
[ Disconnects Line ]
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
FOR JOHNNY.  HE'S NOWHERE.
OH. UH. HE'S
AT THE SQUAD ROOM.
THE SQUAD ROOM ?
DON'T GET EXCITED.
IT'S FOR THE BEST.
THIS WAY. AN OFFICER CAN KEEP
AN EYE ON HIM AT ALL TIMES.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
OH.
[ Sets Receiver On Table ]
[ Shu ]  YOU'RE NOT
STILL ANGRY. ARE YOU ?
[ Gasps ]
COME ON.  OPEN IT.
[ Anna ]  WHAT DO YOU WANT ?
[ Shu ]  YOU. BUT
I'D SETTLE FOR COFFEE.
UNCLE GI.
HEY. JOHNNY.
HOW YOU DOING ?
[ Johnny ]
A LOT BETTER.
DID YOU SEE PAPA ?
NO. BUT WE CAN TRY
TO PAGE HIM.
HEY. LOOK AT WHAT
YOU'RE WEARING.
YEAH. LOOK AT ME. JOHN.
SLICK AS A GREASED RAIL.
BUTTONED-UP AND READY. BOY.
YOU WON'T SEE ME
DRESSED UP A LOT.
SOMETHING YOU NEED TO DO.
I WANT YOU TO GET
YOUR BAGS TOGETHER.
'CAUSE WE'RE GOING
SOMEPLACE ELSE.
[ Gasps ]
[ Softly ]
HOLY SMOKES !
DO WHAT I TELL YOU !
GET OVER THE SIDE.
BUT MAKE SURE THAT MAN
DOESN'T SEE YOU.  OKAY ?
STAY UNDERWATER UNTIL
I TELL YOU TO COME UP.
[ Chuckling ]
HI.
WHERE'S THE KID ?
MUST BE A MISTAKE.
- [ Panting ]
- NOW THAT DOES IT !
YOU SEEM TO FORGET WHO I AM.
SO I'M GOING TO HELP YOU
REMEMBER !  [ Groans ]
YOU OKAY ?
NO MORE !
YEAH. I SET THE KID FREE.
SO KILL ME !
I'VE BEEN A DOG ALL MY LIFE.
BUT I'LL DIE LIKE A MAN
MY OWN WAY !
- I GUESS YOU WILL.
-[ Gunshots. Gi Groans ]
READY TO GO. BOSS.
[ Gi. Johnny Gasping ]
UNCLE.  UNCLE !
[ Gi Gasping ]
[ Gasping ]
DON'T DIE. GI !
GI. LET ME SHOW YOU
SOME OF MY TRICKS.  GI--
[ Gasping ]
I'M JUST TOO STUPID...
TO BE
LEARNING TRICKS.
NO.
YOU DON'T BLAME ME
FOR BRINGING YOUR PAPA ALONG...
DOWN HERE WITH ME.
DO YOU ?
NO.  NO !
GIVE THIS CARD
TO YOUR PAPA.
I WANT YOU TO TELL HIM...
HE CAN GET INTO THE AUCTION
WITH THIS CARD.
HE'LL KNOW WHAT TO DO.
PAGE HIM TO THIS NUMBER.
[ Gasping. Loudly ]
UNCLE. DON'T DIE !
WEAR THIS FOR ME !
IT'S YOUR GOOD LUCK RING.
YOU'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
[ Crying ]
[ Crying Continues ]
BYE.
[ Woman Over Phone ]
MAY I TAKE YOUR MESSAGE
FOR MR. KUNG WEI ?
[ Johnny ]
TELL HIM TO PLEASE
CALL JOHNNY...
ON GI DOG'S CELL PHONE.
I'M WAITING
FOR HIS CALL.
[ Anna ]
AREN'T YOU FINISHED YET ?
[ Pager Beeping ]
[ Beeping ]
[ Shu ]  WHAT'S YOUR RUSH ?
YOUR PAGER.
[ Beeping Continues ]
I'LL GET IT.
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED
TO TALK TO ME.  I'M READY.
[ Beeping ]
[ Dialing ]
THIS IS FIVE YEARS OVERDUE.
SEE. I...
FINALLY STARTED TALKING
TO MY WIFE...
ABOUT A DIVORCE.
TAKE YOUR TIME.
[ Chuckling ]
NO.
BUT WHY ?
I FOUND OUT THAT
PEOPLE CAN CHANGE.
MAYBE NEXT TIME
YOU'LL KNOW WHAT'S
IMPORTANT TO YOU.
[ Wei Over Machine ]  HELLO.
[ Johnny ]  PAPA. BO XIANG'S
GONNA SET UP SOME BOMBS...
AT THE ART AUCTION
IN THE HARBOR !
I PUT A PASS FOR YOU
IN THE PHONE BOOTH
AT PAC JAC PIER.
[ Wei ]
I'M ON MY WAY.
BE CAREFUL.
[ Beeps ]
[ Bo ]
WHAT'S GOING ON ?
STUPID THING WON'T WORK !
IT'S A TOTAL WASTE OF TIME !
I THINK I CAN FIX IT.
IT'S ALL BECAUSE
OF THAT WITCH LI.
YOU SHOULD HAVE ASKED HER
TO HAVE THIS STUFF
ALREADY SET UP FOR US.
[ Wincing ]
BOY. COMMENT NUMBER ONE.
MAXIMUM FOR THE DAY.
WHEN YOU EXCEED
THAT LIMIT. YOU DIE.
ANY COMMENT ?
WHAT A SURPRISE.
NOT ME.
[ Thug ]
BOSS. IT'S FIXED.
ALL RIGHT.
LOOKS LIKE ALL
THE CAMERAS ARE WORKING.
AND ALL SIX BOMBS
ARE IN PLACE.
NOW. YOU KEEP AN EYE
ON THE MONITORS.
IF ANYBODY SPOTS THE BOMBS.
LET US KNOW.
LET'S GO.
[ Speedboat Departing ]
WHAT THE HELL ?
[ Groans ]
[ Crowd Chattering ]
THE BOMBS !
THAT'S WHERE THEY ARE.
[ Crowd Chattering ]
[ Johnny ]
PAPA. LOOK UP AT THE CAMERA.
I CAN SEE YOU FROM BO'S BOAT.
THERE'S A BOMB BEHIND YOU.
ATTACHED TO THE SIDE
OF THE SHIP.
[ Passing Crowd Chattering ]
LOOK UNDERNEATH THE TOP DECK
NEAR THE RAILING.
THE REST OF THEM
ARE IN THE BOTTOM
OF THE BOAT.
[ Disconnects Line ]
ISN'T TECHNOLOGY GREAT ?
[ Men Chattering ]
[ Beeps ]
[ Chattering Continues ]
[ Woman ]
AH. WELCOME.
WELCOME ABOARD. SIR.
AH !
[ Chuckling ]
HEY.
MR. BO.
MISS LI.
SO NICE
TO SEE YOU AGAIN. HUH ?
YEAH.
[ Johnny ]
THE REST OF THEM
ARE IN THE BOTTOM OF THE BOAT.
HERE. WHY DON'T YOU
EXAMINE IT MORE CLOSELY ?
THERE ARE TWO MORE BOMBS.
I CAN SEE THEM.
ALMOST THERE NOW.
WHEN YOU BEND DOWN.
AT YOUR RIGHT FOOT.
YOU WILL SEE IT.
[ Beeping Rapidly ]
[ Li ]
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
THE AUCTION WILL BEGIN...
IN JUST A MINUTE.
SO PLEASE GATHER AROUND.
THE BIDDING WILL BE
IN $5.000 INCREMENTS.
WE'LL WAIT.
YES. LET'S.
ITEM NUMBER ONE
IS A TERRA COTTA STATUTE
FROM THE XI'AN--
[ Continues Dialing ]
[ Auctioneer ]
DO WE HAVE AN OPENING BID ?
SEVENTY.
SEVENTY-FIVE.
SHOULD WE TOP IT ?
SHOULD WE ?
YES.
SORRY. POP.
BATTERY'S DEAD.
IT'S RIGHT HERE.
[ Auctioneer ]
TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
FINAL CALL.
I'M GOING
TO CLOSE THE BIDDING
AT 200.000 U.S.--
HOLD IT.
PUT ALL YOUR CASH
ON THE PODIUM.
- YOUR MONEY IS MINE.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN ?
I'M IN CONTROL OF A SHIP
FULL OF TIME BOMBS.
LISTEN. BO.
LET'S TALK THIS OVER.
PLEASE CALM DOWN. EVERYONE.
SO. WHAT'S THERE TO TALK ABOUT ?
[ Auctioneer ]
STAY WHERE YOU ARE.  STAY CALM.
- LISTEN TO ME RIGHT NOW !
- FIRST. YOU OUGHT
TO CHECK YOUR POCKET.
- [ Beeps ]
- [ Crowd Gasps ]
BYE-BYE.
NOW. IF YOU DON'T
TAKE OUT YOUR CASH.
YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS.
SO I SUGGEST
YOU START DOING IT.
[ Crowd Clamoring ]
NOT YOU AGAIN ?
I GUESS YOU BELIEVE
YOU CAN FIGHT YOUR WAY
OUT OF HERE.
YOU GUESSED RIGHT.
I FOUND THE DEVICES.
I'VE TAKEN CARE OF THEM.
HEY !
GET THIS. BOYS.
YOU DISARMED THE BOMBS ?
WHAT DO YOU TAKE ME FOR ?
A MORON.
HOW ABOUT THIS ?
- [ Beeps ]  ONE.
- [ Crowd Screams ]
TWO. THREE !
DAMN IT !
I'M SICK
OF THIS GUY INTERFERING.
NOW PUT HIM AWAY.
[ Screaming ]
[ Wei Punches ]
[ Gibberish ]
- SAY. "AH."
- [ Groans ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Yells ]
VERY GOOD.  VERY GOOD.
NOW THERE'S MORE MONEY
FOR ME.
- EVERYBODY. EVACUATE !
- [ Crowd Clamoring ]
- GET AFTER THEM !
- [ Throws Sticks ]
HOW MUCH DO THEY PAY YOU
FOR GETTING BEATEN
TO A PULP ?
[ Whoops. Yells ]
JUST GIVE US THE MONEY !
[ Bidders ]
IT'S ALL MINE. ALL OF IT !
IT'S NOT ALL YOURS !
GET AWAY FROM IT !
NO !  GIVE ME THAT !
NO. THAT'S MINE !
[ Arguing Continues ]
LOOK !
THAT'S MY MONEY.
[ Bidders Arguing ]
[ All Yell ]
OW. OW.
YOU DIE !  YOU DIE !
[ Thugs Yelling ]
BO !
[ Groaning ]
[ Chuckling ]
[ Johnny ]
HEY. JERKS !
[ Grunts ]
JOHNNY. BETTER GO NOW.
BUT. PAPA. I WANT
TO STAY HERE WITH YOU.
YOU SURE ABOUT IT ?
YOU BET.
[ Sighs ]
NEITHER OF YOU
HAVE SEEN MY BAD SIDE.
SO GET READY.
[ All Yelling ]
- [ All Grunting ]
- [ Gasps ]
[ Thugs Groaning. Gasping ]
[ Johnny Yelling ]
- [ Panting. Yells ]
- [ Johnny Yelling ]
[ Yelling ]
BO !
[ Gasping ]
[ Thug Punching Johnny ]
JOHNNY. THE LAST BOMB !
[ Laughing ]
I'M SO EXPLOSIVE.
NO ONE CAN STOP ME.
I CAN'T SEE. PAPA.
I'LL SEE BOTH
OF YOU IN HELL.
[ Helicopter Rotors Whirring ]
- [ Gasping ]
- [ Fires ]
COME ON.
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR ?
DROP THE GUN.
[ Groaning ]
UH-HUH.
[ Johnny Continues Groaning ]
[ Laughing ]
COME ON.
SHOOT ME.
I'LL CHOKE HIM
TO DEATH.
SEA DRAGON.
CAN YOU HOLD ON ?
[ Johnny Coughing.
Gagging ]
[ Weakly ]
JUST A LITTLE LONGER.
LITTLE BIT--
- [ Fires Gun ]
- [ Bo ]  OW !
JOHNNY !
COME ON.
COME ON !
HEY. JOHNNY !
HE'S NOT BREATHING.
WE GOT TO GET
OUT OF HERE !
THE HELICOPTER.
[ Helicopter Rotors
Whirring ]
[ Whirring Continues ]
[ Wei Struggling ]
[ Yelling ]
[ Bomb Ticking ]
YOU'RE TOO LATE.
[ Gasping ]
[ Rotors Whirring ]
- KUNG WEI !
- [ Gasping ]
[ Ticking ]
[ Wei ]
GET GOING !
[ Bo. Wei Struggling ]
SAVE HIM !
[ Ticking ]
[ Bo. Wei Struggling ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Explosions Continue ]
[ Helicopter Departing ]
[ Siren Blares ]
GET AN I.V. GOING.
GET THESE PEOPLE--
[ Siren Blaring ]
[ Siren Winds Down ]
REALLY ?
WHAT DOES YOUR PAPA SAY ?
HE SAYS THAT
WHEN A MAN TALKS.
A WOMAN'S SUPPOSED
TO PAY ATTENTION.
WHERE IS HE ?
WHERE'S MY SON ?
[ Medical Personnel
Talking ]
[ Wei ]
HAVE YOU SEEN MY SON ?
JOHNNY.
NO !
LISTEN. PAPA'S HERE.
JOHNNY. PLEASE--
[ Sobs ]
I'M SORRY.
YOUR BOY JUST
RAN OUT OF BREATH.
WHY DON'T YOU
DO SOMETHING ?
THERE'S NOTHING LEFT
TO DO.
JOHNNY ?  HE CAN'T DIE.
HE KNOWS KUNG FU BREATHING.
[ Crying ]
IT'S BECAUSE OF ME.
IT'S MY FAULT.
I'VE KILLED HIM.
STOP IT !
[ Coughing ]
[ Coughing Continues ]
JOHNNY !
HE'S OKAY !
YOU ALL RIGHT ?
OH !
[ Laughing ]
ANNA. YOUR KISSES
REMIND ME OF MOM'S.
BUT THAT'S OKAY.
OOH.
[ Chattering. Softly ]
[ Chattering Continues ]
CAN'T YOU SEE WE'RE TRYING
TO GET SOME FAMILY TIME ?
[ Both Laughing ]
[ Laughing ]